fritz shows fritz shows people
your cone of shame
Strawberry
3 today shows the stucco not of the
shame
ay hits you for the one that no longer flies but
good arrived as they are like again
with you
damn backlight like this I cuddled
the street look at this so much chan chan chan
chan let me cover my address so
do not come to rape me
he just sent me good really I
they sent on Monday but only now
I could pick it up is a package from is
taiwan that there is good here I tell you how
I already counted in the life strings in the
transmissions
I contacted the people of having half
Latin America and I will be this go to
be collaborating with the channel so
this is let's say that the beginning the first
they have made me favorite I will open the
box so that they see what there is and after
I'm going to make two videos, one that is unam
boxing showing what's inside
and this one
review to explain the product and so much
so much we are going to make a raffle to see
media is going to make a draw but
calm calm the ovaries be in the
unboxing and in the review I will explain
well how is that but stay tuned
go find out about the product but
For now, I'm going to open the box
to see and well nothing I left
also to buy me
and he played general told us that I am
this
I bought two I did not know they were selling in
big and bought cookies and good two
monsters
unfortunately there was not the green like that
that they are only prisoners good we are going to
open this box
why
I am going to show you what you have sent me
see me he does not want to explain much about
the product because as you know I will
do an unboxing of a review where I'm going
to explain well
but
because they are not seeing anything but I
listen while I open this
What he has sent me are some cards
they are called live game hd
these cards are incredible because
oil when you're recording
before when you recorded or transmitted
live
the signal of the game was responsible for
process the computer with the entity
is with this card is the card that
in being charged to do it so
so it frees us a lot of space in the
computer has no idea
incredible for any youtuber gamer
that you want to dedicate to this here is
I really really recommend those
cards look at this
here is one now let's show them well
quickly
chan chan that was central network is the
program that uses the card to record
forget france de qantas already and of
so much filthy this is
here it comes with three months free of
split compatible with windows 8
they were already good in the super box
this epic and nothing is there else
as I say one is for the videos
to do the unboxing and the review and the
another one we're going to draw in the channel like this
that are attentive all this is thanks to
AVerMedia people are
behaving very well
damn street noise good guys
thank you very much for watching the video
remember that they do not want to give much in
detail in this but what these do
cards is that while you're
Missing recording the card is the one
is responsible for capturing the signal of
video before your video card
for and the monitor goes through this card
just like your console you can connect
your console first to the card and to
monitor and the card takes care of
record of transmitting of doing everything
you and believe me the first to 720 in hd va
until the end and very graphic games and
I do not play them at 60 fps or it's like,
you were not with anything on the computer
as if you were not transmitting this
is responsible for releasing everything because it
in charge of the processes do not have much
in details because I'm going to do it
for the video
but
It's full of dust but not me
dismissal already know anyone in the
description of the video I will leave the
links to channels
to the pages of having average so that
can communicate with any doubt
you agree that having a raffle thanks to
see half
I also have my card that is the one
I already used to transmit I do not know if it
manages to appreciate there is and good out there
there is the box
but well we already have two new
remember
one is going to go to the house of one of
you and one stays here but good
that's all guys today at night
well the unboxing I'm going to record now
probably this morning on the channel
but today at night we stream yesterday
I promised that I would stream but I
I fell asleep excuse me but now the
night we can micro bags and what if
they have it or they do not have it for
can play wait for the stream and a data
plus
I'm not uploading minecraft to the channel
main because unfortunately there was
update all modes were gone
and as you know my series have bots
until I have all the mods I'm not going
to continue with the series but it's
a matter of days so wait in the
third channel of the writes I am
climbing long gameplays there are
many who tell me that this has been
we go up without a site what they do not know is a
third channel
I just uploaded a livestream of 4 yesterday
hours
playing 4 hours when a site like this
what is trying to do, let's see how
crystal just defecated so look
this channel guys there they will be able to see
videos almost every day
but the cool people adif indicated